Welcome to the Ocean Studio here at the
Yahowah Blog.
My pleasure to be with you.
My name is Craig Winn.
We're going to continue our review of the
eighty-ninth Mizmowr,
but this program note before we begin.
Normally on this day,
we would do a couple of programs,
but we have been focused on a slightly
different endeavor.
I have been presenting a series called
Return to the Garden in the library
studio.
and in it we have covered Yasha'yah Isaiah
fifty-six and fifty-seven,
as they reveal some very interesting
insights regarding the nature of the
upcoming Shabuwah harvest and how
souls of individuals will literally
disappear along with their bodies and
people will be questioning or will
actually not even bother to question where
they have disappeared.
But, well,
I have made the translations of these
things.
I decided to go back today to the
statements that are revealed in Yasha'yah
Isaiah fifty six, excuse me,
that lead up to them.
And the reason that I have done so
is that it became so specific to our
situation in this time.
As I was developing what was revealed in
Yasha'yah, fifty seven, one, two and three,
and then particularly in four,
I don't recall seeing anything
this a greatly specific to what we are
experiencing and what we're offering as
well as who we are uh combating and
so I decided you know I think I
better go back to the beginning here if
god's going to be this explicit
Then I owe it to him to do
the very best job I can of rendering
the text of the fifty six chapter that
builds up to it.
And what I found is I went back
through it is that God is literally all
in.
with what we're accomplishing together.
His Nakar, observant foreigner,
is the one through whom he has decided
he is going to resolve this fractured
relationship with his family.
And anything or anyone that gets in the
way of that, well, according to Yahowah,
is bound for Sheowl.
And they will be...
assumed associated with ha-Satan.
It's extremely detailed, descriptive,
and self-identified.
So I have just been amazed by what
we have found,
and I presented this morning a number of
posts that we had done previously
regarding the opposition to what we are
doing.
And I did that knowing where we were
going to go in that series.
So it is a true joy at this
time to see so many of Yahowah's most
exacting prophecies be fulfilled in our
very presence and to witness how committed
Yahowah is.
to our success,
to our collaboration together.
One of the most reassuring things I think
I have ever read.
And over these next few days,
I will continue with them and then share
it with you.
The other thing we have been doing is
that Joe has left.
I'm hoping that he will come back soon.
But he's continuing to work on presenting
a new timeline,
and the timeline is beautifully done.
Oh, my goodness.
And it's going to be part of a
resources page.
And he will also be including the new
Yada Torah script.
which is a paleo-Hebrew script that we
have designed that operates much more
effectively as a font,
but also conveys the nature of the letters
and the pictures that they are painting
more
And that will also be part of this.
And so I'm just excited by where we
are going on that and we're working on
it.
And one of the intents here is over
the next couple of weeks,
maybe three weeks,
to do some forty intermediary
presentations, not shorts, not longs,
but video presentations.
conveyances of the key items on the title
line so that you not only see a
description of them and the year that they
occurred or will occur and a bit of
copy explaining them.
But for those who are interested in this
narrative and where it leads and why it
was important to us along the way,
there'll be a live stream presentation
of precisely what it means to us and
what we can learn by it.
So it's going to be an amazing interactive
timeline as it develops with the first
iteration of it already in place here for
us at this point.
So it's going to be an amazing,
amazing experience.
Now,
what I'm hoping now is that I didn't
completely mess up the teleprompter and go
to
uh an entirely uh different uh page so
uh bear with me a moment and I'm
going to try to find uh where we
uh where I think I have found it
to where we were previously so rejoining
our efforts in the the greatest song ever
sung it is devoted entirely to dote his
name has been mentioned already
Twice in it,
no one else's name is presented in it.
We are now in a position to commence
with it now that we know that Dowd
is the person that Yahowah has declared
that he would and now has enabled the
benefits of his covenant through Dowd.
and that Dowd is the chosen one,
that Dowd is the person that Yahowah has
elected to work through to accomplish all
of these things.
It also said that Dowd is the Messiah
whom Yahowah himself anointed.
So these are rather extraordinary
statements, and of course,
based on these statements,
there can be no Jesus Christ,
and there can be no Bar Kokhba.
This is
emphatic that Dowd is the one.
So as we rejoin,
we find that one after the next,
every word of this declaration contains a
treasure trove of relevant insights.
The same is true with these next
statements.
They are awesome individually and
exceptional collectively.
Dowd's status with God is both
extraordinarily special and absolutely
secure.
It reads,
he himself will call out to me and
he will welcome me announcing,
you are my father.
I also will appoint and make him my
firstborn.
My firstborn son.
The Elyown.
highest and most uppermost,
the very influence of God in comparison to
kings and rulers of the earth.
I'm sorry that I appeared to get
distracted there.
I just was
staggered by the implications.
I know what is written here.
I've translated this, commented on it,
provided insights regarding it,
and shared it at least on four occasions
as part of the Yahowah blog,
the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
And it's presented, I think,
four or five times throughout these books.
So there is a very special place that
it holds in our hearts.
overall uh understanding of god who he is
what he's offering and through whom he
works so this is still extraordinary and
the reason it's so extraordinary to me is
that two and a half billion people today
and billions prior to them have been
beguiled into believing
That a person now known as Jesus Christ
was real.
That God became a man.
That men could kill God.
And that bodily resurrection was somehow
possible and beneficial.
And that Jews were the ones who killed
them.
It boggles the mind because none of it's
true.
And the fact is that God has said
emphatically here in the eighty ninth
psalm already that David is the Messiah.
There is no reference to a Jesus being
a Messiah anywhere.
Says David is the Messiah.
And if that were not enough,
it goes on to say that now here
that it's Dowd who is the son of
God and that Yahowah is his father.
But it doesn't even end there.
Christians would claim that Jesus was
fully God.
And yet, while that's impossible,
God is not and will never be a
man.
All of God won't fit into this universe
of two or more trillion galaxies.
It won't fit into one galaxy.
It won't fit into one solar system.
It won't fit into one planet.
It most certainly won't fit into one
hemisphere or one nation,
much less one person.
And
Here, God explains that.
Not only is Dowd the Messiah,
not only is Dowd the one through whom
Yahowah worked his ebed,
not only is Dowd the chosen one,
and not only is Dowd the man through
whom the covenant was enabled,
which means the one through whom salvation
was provided and access to God was given.
But on top of all of that,
Dowd is Elyown.
Elyown is as powerful a term as there
is in the universe.
Elyown means that Dowd is the very essence
of God's influence.
El means God.
The Yod speaks of the hand of God,
the influence of God.
And the On means all things pertaining to
this.
So Elyown means all things pertaining to
the influence of God,
which means that while Dowd is not God,
Dowd is going to return and become the
very influence of God in our presence.
He's the very substance of God's hand.
Whatever God wishes to accomplish,
throughout all eternity,
is going to be done through dote.
That's what Elyown means.
And so rather than saying something
stupid, like Christianity,
where this mythical figure known as Jesus
Christ becomes the fullness of the
Godhead, making Jesus a God, which is...
Not only pagan, but utterly absurd,
impossible.
God is very astute.
And he says that his son, Dowd,
is going to become the very influence,
the very hand of God in our presence.
So let me just...
Read through that one more time because
you need to process this.
He himself, this is Dowd,
will call out to me and welcome me
announcing, Hugh Karahani.
Qara, I just wish, oh, excuse me.
Qara's my little, my wife's little puppy.
And she just ran to on top of
my feet with me calling out her name.
Well, Qara was named after Qara.
Qara is the actionable root of Miqrah.
Miqrah adds my to Qara to tell us
to ponder all things pursuant to Qara
being invited and summoned,
being encouraged to read and recite,
being welcomed such that we engage in a
meeting.
while being called out and announcing.
So Qara is the essence of the Miqraey.
The Miqraey are the very essence of the
path to God.
And it is Dowd who fulfilled the first
three, the spring Miqraey, Pesach, Matzah,
and Bikuwrym.
So here he himself will call out to
me and welcome me, announcing,
issuing this invitation to meet.
such that we should read and recite all
of this pursuant to the Miqraey.
And he is saying, you are my father.
Now, by the way,
Dowd's first life ended four years before
this psalm was written.
Therefore,
for him to say, you are my father,
Dowd is very much alive.
And that Dowd is going to have at
least one more, and we know now,
two additional lives.
He returned in thirty-three CE,
year four thousand year,
to fulfill the spring Miqraey.
and he will return to fulfill the Fall
Miqraey in twenty thirty three.
And he has this distinction because he is
the Bekor, the firstborn son of God,
and he knows it.
That's why he is saying,
you are my father.
I also will appoint and make him
My firstborn, my firstborn son,
which serves as the basis of the
concluding spring.
Which is first born children.
It's the third of seven.
He is the Elyown,
the very influence of God.
in comparison to kings and rulers of the
earth.
So he's not just the king of kings.
Dowd is the very presence and influence of
God on earth and throughout the universe.
That's exceptional.
Important to me because my job is to
reacquaint the world and particularly
Israelites with all that Dowd represents
and has achieved.
Call it the greatest discovery in human
history.
The realization that Dowd,
who is the Messiah and son of God,
the returning king,
is our savior because he returned in
thirty three C.E.
exactly when he said he would to do
exactly what he said he would accomplish
in the twenty second to Ms.
Moore.
to serve as the Passover lamb.
And then on Matzah,
carry our guilt into shield,
never to be seen again,
such that he became the living embodiment
of Bikuwrym.
It's the greatest discovery in human
history.
It means that Jesus never existed.
It means that Dowd represents all of these
things to us and that the religions of
Judaism and Islam covered over the truth,
angering God and precluding many from
salvation.
And this recognition is the greatest
achievement of my life and of any life
over the last two thousand five hundred
years,
because it means that salvation and
reconciliation are once again available.
And it's not just that I figured out
that Dowd represents these things,
which is, you know, as I say,
there is no discovery greater than that,
pursuant to a relationship with God or
continuation of our lives or even being
able to explore off of this planet,
being able to meet with God,
becoming His son or daughter,
inheriting all that He has to give.
I also determined how Dowd came about
recognizing that this was something he
could and should achieve.
And I've gone into that as to how
he was able to use the Torah and
what he learned from Yahowah
to ascertain that this was a role he
could and should honor, achieve.
And then I determined why Dowd recognized
that it wasn't only something he could do
and should do,
but that it was in his interest,
Yahowah's interest,
and our interest for him to do so,
and demonstrated each of these things and
how they served
to benefit everyone.
And then I explained why Yahowah would
allow his beloved son to endure Pesach
being crucified by the Romans and Matzah,
his soul going into Sheowl to deposit our
guilt.
Why God recognized that his son was
correct.
Two days of major suffering would serve
everyone for eternity, including Dowd,
earning him more respect than all other
people combined,
giving him the ability to serve as Elyown.
So these things are rather extraordinary.
It's the role that I have been asked
to play,
and it is profoundly important that you
understand that.
And so therefore,
Dowd is not only the son of God.
Previous statement announced that he was
Yahowah's chosen Messiah.
But he is Elyown,
the very essence of Almighty God in our
presence, the influence of God.
This being true in the material realm for
when he returns.
But the relationship doesn't just end in
the material realm.
It says for all eternity,
for all eternity, for all time, forever,
I will keep watch over him,
paying very close attention to him.
I will focus on him,
observing all there is to know about him,
closely and carefully considering him,
paying attention to him and guarding him.
my unwavering love,
my unrelenting devotion,
my enduring affection,
and genuine favoritism.
Chesed Ani.
In addition to the very essence of the
covenant, Beryth Ani,
my family-oriented covenant relationship
are truthfully presented and reliably
established, verifiable,
and enduring
Through him.
Psalm eighty nine twenty eight.
I. I. Did something I don't normally do.
Two days ago.
I got angry.
There's lots of times when I'll express
righteous indignation because it's
appropriate.
But I flat out got angry and the.
Rainbow studio.
A couple of days ago.
And I did so because of my enormous
frustration with myself.
You see,
Yahowah has made it possible for me to
understand the greatest discovery in human
history,
to know exactly how our salvation was
earned and provided.
understand the very timeline so we know
exactly when things were accomplished and
have an appreciation of the exact dates in
the future they will be fulfilled.
The Yahowah has given me a very unique
understanding of who he is,
what he's offering,
what he expects in return,
and how he accomplished everything that's
important,
including how he worked through Dowd,
the Messiah and Son of God,
to enable the covenant.
And that's what this says,
that the very essence of the covenant is
presented through Dowd.
And so to recognize that Dowd is not
only the Son of God,
that Dowd is not only the Messiah,
that Dowd is,
in addition to all of this,
the very influence of Almighty God.
God just said that the covenant,
the very central aspect of God's purpose
in creation,
The means for us to develop a relationship
with God, to get an inheritance from Him,
to live in His presence,
to be His sons and daughters,
to be enriched and empowered by Him,
become immortal and perfected.
All of this is through the covenant.
There is no other way to God.
You know,
God didn't go out of his way to
say, I want to save you.
What he said is,
I want you to be part of my
covenant.
He listed five conditions and five
benefits.
Once we receive the benefits of the
covenant,
we don't even need to be saved because
we are perfected through the fulfillment
of Chag Matzah,
particularly on Matzah itself when Dowd
took our guilt into shield to deposit it
there.
And this mechanism for that process to
enable the benefits of the covenant for us
to become immortal,
for us to be acquitted and seen as
not guilty in God's presence,
for us to be adopted as sons and
daughters of Yahowah,
empowered and enriched by him.
These benefits are all derived from the
first three Mowed Miqraey,
the wary ones that Dowd fulfilled.
So it's not just that Dowd enabled the
benefits of the covenant because of this
relationship that Dowd had with Yahowah,
being his beloved son,
being the one who acted and engaged in
this way.
The covenant is...
proclaimed.
Understand Dowd,
you understand the covenant.
Understand the covenant,
then you appreciate Dowd and his
relationship with Yahowah.
So my frustration is coming to know all
of this.
And these are the very essence of
developing a relationship with God.
They are criterion to excoriate the lives
of Christianity, Judaism, and Islam.
They are the most important things for
humanity to know at this time to reconcile
a relationship with Yahowah so that you can
be part of forever more with him and
with his beloved son.
To realize all of these things,
to be able to prove all of these
things,
to understand each of these things,
to have devoted my life to conveying them,
with what seems to be so little traction,
apart from a wonderful core of devoted
individuals who have risen to the
occasion.
Well, of course, it's frustrating.
And I'm angry at myself for not being
able to find the words,
to find the remedy to this.
And then I read things like I read
today in Yasha'yah Isaiah,
and then into where God's ecstatic with
this relationship.
He's all in with his Han and that
car,
his observant foreigner whom he calls
absolutely right.
who he refers to as the tree of
knowledge on the comprehensive
presentation of this story.
Hume Yahowah says that the relationship
between him and his observant foreigner,
his ha-Nakry, is unshakable.
It cannot be divided in any way.
It's close, it's personal.
It's enduring.
And he went on to say that his
observant foreigner, this man, this Enosh,
this mortal man,
who is a son of man through whom
he has chosen to work, even has Chazaq,
confidence, conviction, boldness, resolve.
And sufficient wherewithal to get this
done.
And so I know that God is pleased
with what we're doing and that we will
achieve his goals.
But what's wrong with the rest of you?
What's wrong with Israel?
Why aren't you listening?
You're five months from ending the time of
Israel's troubles.
Five months.
That's all.
And it's going to be devastating.
And God is giving you a way out.
And it's difficult to break through.
And all the while,
and I don't mind this.
In fact, I'm entertained by it.
You know,
I'm besieged by numbskull religious idiots
proclaiming their devotion to
the myth of Jesus and their hatred of
what I'm telling them,
even though I'm the greatest gift they've
ever had.
So here we are.
What God just said is the end of
religion.
What God just said affirms that there's
only one life that really matters.
And if you understand what Yahowah is
achieving through Dowd,
then your life will matter too.
He himself will call out to me and
welcome me.
He will become the living embodiment of
Qara,
of the invitation to be called out and
meet with me.
And he will proclaim, you are my father.
I also will appoint and make him my
firstborn son, Bekor Ani, the Elyown,
the very influence of God Almighty,
the very presence of God Almighty,
the hand of God Almighty,
by comparison to any other ruler of the
earth.
For all eternity,
I will keep watch over him,
paying very close attention to him.
My unwavering love, unrelenting devotion,
enduring affection,
and genuine favoritism,
in addition to my covenant,
my family-oriented relationship,
are truthfully presented and reliably
established, verifiable and enduring,
completely true through him.
Kiss your Jesus goodbye.
Arrivederci.
Rabbi Akiba and your God forsaken Mark
Hakva.
It's over.
Just give up.
Recognize it's over.
You know that these Psalms and
particularly the eighty ninth was inspired
by God.
And it is wholly contrary to the religions
of Judaism and Christianity.
And it is entirely focused and devoted to
one man, the Messiah, the returning king,
the very son of God,
the one who enabled the benefits of the
covenant, the exemplar of the covenant,
the man through whom the breath is
understandable, becomes understandable.
Credible and true.
God's chosen one.
His coworker.
The Zarowa, the Passover lamb.
What more does God need to say?
Please tell me, what more can I say?
Israel, why aren't you listening?
Why don't you tell the rabbis to go
to hell?
Seriously.
Why don't you tell everyone who is a
Christian that they're wasting their
souls.
But it's all a lie.
That Jesus never existed.
Messiah, Son of God is doubt.
The Savior is doubt, according to God.
And he ought to know.
Well,
second only to the introductory
proclamations that Yahowah made at the
inception of Dowd's song,
these last three pronouncements are as
profoundly important as anything ever
written,
certainly including the Torah and
Prophets.
I'm going to repeat it again.
He himself will call out to me and
welcome me, announcing, you are my father.
I also will bestow him as a gift,
appointing him as Bokor, my firstborn son,
as Elyown, as Almighty God,
the very influence of Almighty God in
comparison to kings and rulers of the
earth for all eternity.
And that's a long time.
I will keep watch over him.
paying close attention to him,
focusing on him, my unwavering love,
unrelenting devotion, enduring affection,
and genuine favoritism,
in addition to my bareth,
my family-oriented covenant relationship,
are truthfully presented and reliably
established,
verifiable and enduring through him.
Yahowah is announcing, Dowd is affirming,
that they are father and son.
Something that rabbinical Judaism denies,
something that Christianity steals.
I don't think there's anything you could
do in either case to anger God more.
You'd think I was angry yesterday.
Wait till you get a load of how
angry the king is and God is regarding
all of those who continue to promote
Christianity and Judaism.
So just as there is no one else
that Yahowah personally anointed other than
Dowd,
Dowd also stands alone as the son of
God.
Further,
Yahowah is offering his son to us as
a gift.
And this is insightful because it helps us
appreciate the identity of the child who
was born and the son who was given
in Yasha'yah Isaiah six.
Which, by the way, mentions one name.
And guess whose name is mentioned?
Don't.
When Dowd refers to Yahowah as his father
and Yahowah responds by acknowledging that
he perceives Dowd to be his son,
they are describing the nature of their
relationship and the way they interact
with one another.
They're not describing a biological
connection,
but instead something far more profound.
In a father-son relationship,
the parent carries most of the
responsibility and does the preponderance
of the work.
Fathers mentor sons,
set an example for them to follow,
and teach and guide them.
Parents provide nourishment and shelter,
apparel and protection for their children.
But the child bears responsibility as
well.
They must learn and accept the house rules
and contribute to the family in some way
once they are able.
It's even better when sons respect their
father and are appreciative,
and it's best when they are able to
advance in the family business.
In this regard, Toad was the perfect son.
And this is one of the reasons why
Dowd earned the right to be called
Yahowah's Bekor, firstborn son.
With this distinction,
he earned the right to wear his father's
crown and to share his throne.
He would also inherit the birthright of a
royal firstborn when his father just so
happens to be Almighty God.
Also with the Miqraey existing to advance
the rewards of the covenant,
by fulfilling Pesach and Matsah,
Dowd became the best suited individual to
exemplify the benefits of Bikuwrym,
firstborn children.
The most electrifying term in the mix is
Elyown.
When it is used throughout the Torah,
it is addressing Almighty God.
So at the very least,
Dowd is to be seen as so far
over and above anyone else as the most
distinguished of all.
And if we are to trust the Torah's
definition, as is well advised,
then Yahowah is presenting his son as his
means to influence everything,
that he will work through his son and
that his son will represent him,
and that the distinction between Dowd and
Yahowah going forward will be about like
this, just about like this.
is exactly what God has always wanted.
God doesn't want us praising him.
He doesn't want us worshiping him.
He doesn't want us praying to him.
He wants to lift us up.
That's the whole purpose of Bikuwrym,
when it follows Pesach and Matzah,
where we are exonerated and become
immortal,
such that we can be enriched and empowered
by God.
These physical bodies go,
and where our souls are enveloped in
light,
and energy such that we are empowered to
such an degree that we are emancipated in
the fourth, fifth, sixth,
and seventh dimensions.
And God,
in whose image we were made with a
conscience and a neshamah,
we become as much like God as is
absolutely possible.
Elyown, Elyown Light, if you will,
You know,
when God was describing the Gadol Mayor,
the greater luminary,
saying that it was the lesser,
the Katan Mayor, the lesser luminary,
who would reflect the greater luminary's
brilliance,
he said both of them are great.
Both of them are great.
And that is because what he is trying
to convey here is that, yes,
Dowd will be
the very son of God,
that Dowd is anointed by God,
that Dowd is the essence of the covenant
according to God,
that Dowd is God's chosen one.
But God's intent is to make all of
us similarly enriched,
similarly empowered, similarly enabled,
similarly loved, similarly favored.
such that we are all become sons and
daughters of God,
such that we are all become projections of
God's influence.
It's just that Dowd is a step above
the rest of us.
He did more than the rest of us.
He's loved more than the rest of us.
He's the first and the rest of us
follow.
And should you, for even a nanosecond,
say, well,
maybe I think I should be more important
or equally important,
and why would this man be more important?
It's hard to imagine that you would
quibble with this,
with all that God is offering.
But should you do so,
let me just share something with you.
Well,
my job is to reflect Dowd's brilliance.
And my job is to provide the knowledge
that is necessary for you to approach the
Tree of Lives, which is what Dowd is.
And while I serve as Dowd's Basar Herald,
I am thrilled that the job of Elyown,
the job of being the right hand of
God, the responsibility of King is Dowd.
I mean,
the best thing that you can have in
the universe is for your best friend,
your brother,
to have all of this responsibility and all
that God can provide.
And you're there to enjoy it with him.
It means you get all the benefits without
the responsibility.
It's as good as it could possibly be.
By the way,
that is why Dowd fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah and Bikuwrym.
He says, God,
if you're going to have me shoulder all
of this responsibility as king
forevermore, as Elyown,
as your influence eternally.
then let me earn people's respect such
that everyone who will be there benefiting
from my guidance throughout all time will
know that they're there because I
fulfilled Pesach and Matzah leading to
Bikuwrym.
They wouldn't be there without that
commitment.
Well, isn't that enough?
That's the motivation.
That's why he did it.
That's the only way that God could
make it possible for his son to serve
in this role.
And well,
my job is only number two to the
number one here.
I want to tell you,
it's a tough damn job.
We're going to enter ideal circumstances
going forward,
just seven years and nine months from now.
But it doesn't change the fact that this
is still an exceedingly difficult job.
So should you have an ounce of jealousy
here,
I will suggest tossing it aside and
recognize that it's far better to be a
good friend of a wonderful brother who has
access to all of this when he has
the responsibility and you don't.
That isn't to say we won't have
responsibility.
If you're going to be spending any
significant time around Dota or
in the covenant family or during the
celebration of the return to Eden during
Sukah or being released from this planet
to go explore the universe with Dowd and
with Yahowah,
then you're gonna be expected to make a
major contribution as well, to be engaged,
to serve a purpose,
to be a great listener and to be
a reliable partner.
someone who makes this contribution and
that matters.
So, you know,
there are no free rides here and you
don't want a free ride.
You want also to be in a position,
not at the level of Dowd,
but certainly in the position where when
you look towards Yahowah,
you have this sense of he is appreciative
of what I've done,
that I know
He knows that I made a commitment to
serve, to teach, to help, to listen,
to do things that matter.
Now, in Dowd's case,
he did the thing that mattered most.
He fulfilled Pesach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym.
He also wrote the Mashal Proverbs and the
Mizmowr Psalms.
And he became the exemplar of the
relationship Yahowah was trying to
establish.
There's another aspect of this, though,
that I really want to drive home.
And that is that Dowd is all man.
He is as much man as a man
can be.
And matter of fact,
he is far more man than me in
the sense that I'm pretty much driven up
here.
And he was equal parts here and here.
He was brighter than me up here.
And he added all of the emotion and
zeal and passion for this relationship so
far beyond my personal capacity.
So Dowd is full head and heart.
And in addition to that,
this is the man who defended his people,
fought sixty six battles with Yahowah.
He is battle hardened.
One of them all.
That's a pretty extraordinary
circumstance.
No one else can make that claim.
And he is a prophet of the first
order,
having written all of these marvelous
proverbs and psalms.
So Dowd is exemplary in that way,
but Dowd isn't somebody that we have to
be intimidated in front of because Dowd
tripped and made mistakes,
which tells you absolutely and
emphatically.
that God does not want us to be
perfect.
He knows that perfection would be boring.
He knows that if we were perfect,
then we would all be the same.
And if we were all the same,
what's the purpose in any of us?
And if we were all identical to him
and therefore perfect like him,
then where's the synergism?
Where is there a relationship?
Where is there any contribution?
If big me has a mini me,
what good is that?
It's our imperfections that make us
interesting.
It's our unique personalities and
proclivities and attributes and attitudes
that are all so unique that we all
make a major contribution to forevermore
to make it so much more interesting
And so God isn't looking for perfection.
And Dowd is,
as the exemplar of this covenant
relationship proves that.
But when Dowd stumbled,
he admitted his mistakes.
He got up wiser for them and went
on.
And that's what you and I must do
as well.
We ought not be embarrassed by our
mistakes.
We ought to own them and then announce
that, you know, we've grown past that.
We've learned something more.
And,
and be proud to have the opportunity and
the character to make those corrections.
That's what Doe did.
That's what we should all do.
That's what I have striven to do all
of these years.
And it is what God wants.
It's what he values.
So when it comes to this family,
the benefits of the covenant,
all of which Dowd helped provide by
fulfilling the Miqraey,
they are specifically designed to make
each of us more like God, enriching,
empowering, and enlightening us,
emancipating us, enabling us.
It's the ease times five, right?
Enriching, empowering, enlightening,
emancipating, and enabling us.
Instead of E equals MC squared,
it's E to the fifth power.
I like that MC squared stuff too,
because it says that rather than the
limitations of a physical body,
when we're transformed into light energy,
then we can be
perceived to be so much greater than we
are that it is the combination of the
square of the speed of light.
You know,
speed of light is the limiting factor of
the universe.
It is the very glue that holds the
universe together.
Nothing can exceed it.
And yet we're going to be empowered as
energy-based beings, spiritual beings,
by the square of the speed of light.
So as we transition from this material to
the spiritual realm,
we're going to grow exponentially.
E to the fifth power.
And dimension is going from three to
seven, which, by the way,
is an infinite increase four times over.
And I wouldn't be surprised if there is
ultimately an eighth octave.
where we get to create a new universe
with Yahowah.
So as we approach the conclusion of this
mizmowr,
Yahowah will tell us that Dowd will become,
really as the brilliant says,
the brilliant is the sun in his presence.
So based upon all of this,
we would be well served to read Elyown
as he will be the influence of Almighty
God, the hand of Almighty God.
and so as not to risk shortchanging God's
son, then he is Elyown,
the highest and uppermost.
How in the world is there a religion
where both in the book of Acts with
Peter, and then in Romans with Paul,
they have dough diminished to the status
that he's worm rot,
that he's dead and buried,
excluded from heaven.
so that they can slather all manner of
stolen attributes on the mythical Jesus.
When God says that Dowd is Elyown,
the highest and uppermost, his son,
the Messiah, the chosen one,
the exemplar of this covenant.
So please,
let's silent the foolish religious
rhetoric praising the likes of Jesus,
Paul, Akiba, Muhammad, or Maimonides.
Dowd's status is never going to change.
We have God's word on it.
He will continue to focus on his son
throughout eternity.
Yahowah's concluding statement speaks
volumes.
What more can he tell you?
What more can I say?
He is declaring for all of us to
read and to hear that his love,
his affection, his mercy,
and his favoritism are best demonstrated
when we understand and consider his
relationship with his son, Dowd.
Further,
the covenant is most accurately presented,
affirmed, verified,
and explained when we examine Dowd's
participation via his lives, plural,
and lyrics.
And it all begins with Qara.
Father and son have invited us into the
covenant family.
We have been called out of this world
so that we can be welcomed in heaven.
By reading and reciting the word of God,
we find father and son summoning us to
their side.
When we capitalize upon what father and
son have done through the Miqraey to deliver
the benefits of the covenant,
we grow exponentially.
E to the fifth power.
Dowd has shown the way.
Let's listen to him.
Let's respect him.
Let's follow him.
Let's honor him.
Yahowah will remain attuned to Dowd even
throughout eternity because he loves him
as a father loves a son.
My unwavering love, unrelenting devotion,
and enduring mercy are truthfully
presented and will reliably endure with
him as part of my covenant family.
And even when they act up,
parents never tire of their children.
And when a child grows up to devote
themselves to the betterment of the
family,
when they go about their father's
business,
every moment is a cause for celebration.
This is not only why we have children,
it's why we exist.
Dowd is the essence of human existence.
He is the answer to the question,
why are we here?
To be like Dowd.
According to God,
Dowd is the most interesting and important
man in the history of the world.
We devalue him and Yah's relationship with
him at our peril.
By contrast,
if we do as Yahowah does and Shemar
closely examine and carefully consider his
every word and deed, his lyrics and lives,
we will also endure forever.
So based upon what Yahowah has to say
about Dowd,
it is prudent that we listen to him
and that we follow his example.
We will return to the Eighty-Ninth
Mizmowr.
and a program tomorrow.
I am excited to share it with you.
I am passionate about this.
There's nothing God or man could tell you
more important than the words of this
song.
Good evening from the Caribbean Sea.
I wish all of Yahowah's blessings upon you.
Good night.